Records

Buck Bear, the founder of Buckbear, had a very interesting life. His assassination in 2023 leaves us with great sorrow, but we must move on. He would have wanted us to tell his story, so here it is.

His story starts in his 20s, when he was visited by two gods, Weasel and Lawrence. You might recognize those names from our website. They gave him a katana. This katana was not ordinary. It was a reward for having achieved his high expectations for himself. This katana could create anything with metal, stretching out from the blade, snapping off, and becoming a functional machine. After they gave him the blade, they left. Buck then made his first company, Alien Institute, and made a spaceship, extremely advanced technology and AI robots with his katana. He traveled the cosmos. You can read more about this in records 2. The part that that leaves out, is when Buck became so thirsty for his own evolution, he went to him Weasel and Lawrence. He found then on a remote planet, and killed them in their sleep. Nobody knows what happened after that, because he went alone, and when he came back, he was assassinated before he could talk. 

Let’s talk about his Katana. After he studied it, he found that it used the power of white holes to create the metal devices. He recreated the effect, but he kept with the katana. The katana said 战斗机 on it, meaning fighter. When he used it, his eyes and the blade edge turned glowing red.

After Buck Bear was killed, Yorm Om was appointed to acting owner and president. Yorm was previously head of the production department. Buck and Yorm were not close, but Yorm was his second in command. 

Immediately after Buck was killed, the research department started working on a revival. They quickly made a machine, and they questioned why they hadn’t made one before. Buck was quickly revived, and he seemed like he didn’t care that he was dead for two months. He went straight back to work, but before, he met with Yorm, and they became great friends. They now work together.

When he conquered planets previously, Buck fought at the front and he let AI command the robotic army. However, Buck and Yorm now work together. Buck is still the main fighter, but Yorm, who is brilliant, commands the army from afar.
